Perez took advantage of the Cartagena his opportunity to return to place as
third place in the second division fell to elche by zero to
two in a match in which the referee was too much protagonist pepe
bordalás won the game to his cousin brother Juan Ignacio Martínez
here came the first goal of Jorge Molina
the current top scorer the top scorer of the silver division
in the 11th minute
the illicit table was ahead
and that he had the usual heavy losses wakaso mubarak andrés del
field saints elm nor the goal gentleman
willy knight
precisely before her substitute, she was looking for a car
to the crossbar
to the second time that we go goal canceled to Cartagena in 49
despite following that play
of lucas caré has focused car had topped contributes
at the end the referee that punishes that lack possession for the cartagena
did not want to whistle the law of advantage
in 63 the forward we saw and angry gets even more angry than
have
and is expelled
there we have the action
was faced with acciari aggression to the midfielder
and expelled from lucas by this stupid action remained the cartagena
with ten men
there we have it in the shortest plane
bad news for martínez
one less man was not even added to the casualties before the meeting follow VICTOR
Pablo Ruiz and Javier Balboa
and of course everything turned his back on the Cartagena penalty
please elche
in 70
my expulsion of etxeita
jorge molina who was in charge of throwing from the eleven meters
the parade of rubén
there were still hopes although Cartagena played with nine men
and of those nine men sought to take advantage if the elche but fail in
this time is that we have stopped between jorge molina and juli
another possible penalty
or that I asked the elche this fall in the scorer
by jorge molina
it was almost impossible the Cartagena will recover the third place in the table
and if you will take advantage of the defeat of the betis
I still looked for her
more controversial
we do not have a falcon within the area, possible aggression
and the referee melero lópez c complicated the life in a meeting that
He finished sentenced with the goal of Jesus Perera in 95
the 0 to 2 for the elche that keeps climbing posts threatens to squeeze
those above
the cartagena will continue as fourth classified
Betis and I saw the team of Juan Ignacio Martínez
before his cousin brother pepe bordalás